<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-uk" />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2002-@year@ Apache Software Foundation." />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2005-@year@ Ian Phillips." />
    <meta name="Author" content="Örjan Lundberg" />
    <meta name="Author" content="Ian Phillips" />
    <meta name="ID" content="$Id$" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">@import "style.css";</style>
    <title>RvSnoop @version@ Change Log</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page">
      <div class="header"><h1>Change Log</h1></div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <ul>
          <li><a href="index@suffix@">Home</a></li>
          <li><a href="features@suffix@">Features</a></li>
          <li><a href="faq@suffix@">Questions</a></li>
          <li><a href="links@suffix@">Links</a></li>
          <li id="current">Changes</li>
          <li><a href="http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/rvsn00p">SourceForge Project</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://downloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@.tgz?download">Get RvSnoop</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Request <acronym>ID</acronym> numbers refer to bug requests or feature requests on the <a href="http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=63447">SourceForge</a> page.</p>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.6.0 (Released 2006-12-12)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Added an option to republish records to different
            connections.
          </li>
          <li>
            Added actions to export and import records to a binary
            file format (the records are stored in a ZIP based file,
            they are stored as wire format messages with some
            additional metadata).
          </li>
          <li>
            Added an action to remove connections from the list. Also, added
            some options to the connection list context menu to access the
            recent connections list.
          </li>
          <li>
            Added a dialog to allow the user to configure different
            record types. The underlying code to support this was
            present in 1.5, but there was no way to access it short
            of editing the saved project file by hand.
          </li>
          <li>
            The build system no longer strips out unused classes
            from the included libraries. This increases the size of
            the download but in some cases the licenses of included
            libraries require this, and it simplifies the build
            process, which is a Good Thing.
          </li>
          <li>
            Added in dependencies on
            <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/lang/">Commons Lang</a>
            and <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/io/">Commons IO</a>.
            Removing some custom utility classes. Since RvSnoop uses the
            Apache license it seems that playing well with the Apache
            libraries is a nice thing to do. Removed the dependency on Berkeley
            DB at the same time. The plan was to use it for the disk based
            project layout, but the plan has changed!
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.5.3 (Released 2006-05-22)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Context sensitive menus now work correctly on Windows XP.
          </li>
          <li>
            Export actions are now enabled correctly based on classpath.
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.5.2 (Released 2006-05-08)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Release 1.5.1 introduced a possible null pointer exception in
            the message ledger rendering code, this is now fixed.
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.5.1 (Released 2006-05-07)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Fixed bug in message format that prevented nested messages from
            being labelled correctly in the details panel.
          </li>
          <li>
            No longer set forground colour if record is selected in ledger,
            previously the selected message could be hard to read if the
            record type colour was similar to the highlight colour.
          </li>
          <li>
            Enhanced message ledger render so that it now uses an
            appropriate date &amp; time format depending on the width of the
            timestamp column. Accordingly, the ‘configure date’ menu
            option has been removed.
          </li>
          <li>
            Added credits for the various open source libraries which are
            used (with links).
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.5.0 (Released 2006-04-14)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>Added a ‘Connection List’ showing all of the <acronym>RVD</acronym> connections and their status. The tooltip for each list item shows the subscribed subjects (if any).</li>
          <li>The details view now shows more information about the message in a header panel.</li>
          <li>Added a <em>limited</em> republishing capability, currently it is possible to select messages in the ledger and republish them to the same subject and transport. In future it will also be possible to edit messages before publishing.</li>
          <li>Added menu options for ‘Export to RvTest’ and ‘Export to RvScript’ which replace the generic text option.</li>
          <li>Fixed bug causing new subject explorer nodes to be created with incorrect selection state.</li>
          <li>The configuration is now in 2 parts: application preferences (window size &amp; position, font, etc.) and project preferences (connection details, etc.). The application preferences are now persisted automatically instead of requiring a user action.</li>
          <li>Fixed a bug which caused the export actions to sometimes be enabled even if the required classes were missing.</li>
          <li>Some re-organization of the menu structure.</li>
          <li>Moved the static methods from the connection manager to the connection class, there was no requirement for a seperate class there.</li>
          <li>Renamed all of the classes to use a more sensible class/package structure.</li>
          <li>The subject explorer no longer displays the satellite dish icons.</li>
          <li>The details pane now shows the wire size of the message instead of the number of top level fields.</li>
          <li>The details pane now shows the field type as a tool tip.</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.4.2 (Released 2006-01-05)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>Fixed an issue in the build system that created a corrupted class file (thanks to Curtis Ling for raising this bug).</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.4.1 (Released 2006-01-03)</h2>
        <ul>
          <li>Export now works on the selected message ledger rows instead of the entire ledger.</li>
          <li>Export <acronym>HTML</acronym> now generates valid <acronym>XHTML</acronym>.</li>
          <li>Corrected label on ‘Quit’ menu item which was all lower case.</li>
          <li>Corrected release date in this change log.</li>
          <li>The marshaller implementation is now an abstract class instead of an interface.</li>
          <li>The build system now uses <a href="http://proguard.sourceforge.net">ProGuard</a> to ensure that only those required classes from the supporting libraries are included. As a result of this the binary download has dropped from ~750KB to ~500KB in size, this is mainly because I plan to add in one or two more requirements before the 2.0 release and I would like to keep the binary download &lt;1MB.</li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Changes up to version 1.4.0 (Released 2006-01-02)</h2>
        <p>From now on the change log now only shows changes for the last couple of versions, for older info get the historical pages from <acronym>CVS</acronym>.</p>
        <ul>
          <li>The subject explorer now shows more details about each tree node in a tool-tip, there is no longer a need to right-click and select ‘Show Properties’.</li>
          <li>The subject explorer is now sorted lexicographically (i.e. upper-case letters before loewer-case letters) instead of being unsorted (well, insertion order sorted) as before.</li>
          <li><a href="https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&amp;aid=1387573&amp;group_id=63447&amp;atid=504011">1387573</a> Standard cut/copy/paste editing actions can now be used on records in the message ledger.</li>
          <li>The table font is now selected via a real font chooser dialog.</li>
          <li><a href="https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&amp;aid=1391300&amp;group_id=63447&amp;atid=504011">1391300</a> Tidied up the forms in all of the dialog boxes, they should all resize correctly as well now.</li>
          <li>As part of the previous item, selecting a font for the message ledger has now been moved to a font chooser dialog instead of being in the toolbar.</li>
          <li>Rearranged the menus to use the standard File, Edit, View, Help layout.</li>
          <li><a href="https://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&amp;aid=620990&amp;group_id=63447&amp;atid=504011">620990</a> Added an menu item to "prune" empty nodes from the subject explorer tree.</li>
          <li>User defined marshallers for the text view. User defined marshallers must implement <code>rvsn00p.util.rv.MarshalRvToString.Implementation</code> and set the <code>rvsn00p.marshaller</code> system property to the class name of the new marshaller.</li>
          <li>User defined description strings, these will appear in the <acronym>RVD HTTP</acronym> interface.</li>
          <li>There is now a menu option to check for updates.</li>
          <li>The build now depends on the <a href="http://www.jgoodies.com/downloads/libraries.html">JGoodies Forms</a> library and this has been used to convert some of the dialogs to use the forms layout manager. This should be apparent when resizing any of the dialogs (i.e. it should work now).</li>
          <li>A new actions framework has been put in place and some of the actions have been converted to use it, this results in much cleaner UI code.</li>
          <li>The <a href="http://pmd.sourceforge.net"><acronym>PMD</acronym></a> static code analyser has been run over the code with a fairly small ruleset and a number of changes have been made based on it’s report, there should be no user visible changes as a result of this but there are hundreds of minor changes visible throughout the source code.</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="footer">
        <p>Copyright © 2005-@year@ <a href="http://ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>. <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer" title="Validate HTML">HTML</a> | <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer" title="Validate CSS">CSS</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google-analytics.com/urchin.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">_uacct = "UA-266232-2"; urchinTracker();</script>
  </body>
</html>
