<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-uk"/>
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2002-@year@ Apache Software Foundation." />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2005 Ian Phillips." />
    <meta name="Author" content="Örjan Lundberg" />
    <meta name="Author" content="Ian Phillips" />
    <meta name="ID" content="$Id$" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">@import "style.css";</style>
    <title>RvSnoop @version@ Release Notes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page">
      <div class="header"><h1>Release Notes</h1></div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <ul>
          <li><a href="index@suffix@">Home</a></li>
          <li><a href="features@suffix@">Features</a></li>
          <li><a href="faq@suffix@">Questions</a></li>
          <li><a href="links@suffix@">Links</a></li>
          <li><a href="changes@suffix@">Changes</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/rvsn00p">SourceForge Project</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://downloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@.tgz?download">Get RvSnoop</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2>Quick Start</h2>
        <p>You can get started by running the scripts in the <em>bin</em> directory, there is one for Windows and one for Unix.</p>
        <p>More detailed information can be found in the <a href="index@suffix@">local help files</a>.</p>
        <h2>Summary of Changes</h2>
        <p>Some general changes in terminology have taken place in the documentation. The tree view on the left of the window is now known as the ‘Subject Explorer’ since that is what it actually shows, and the main table view is the ‘Message Ledger’ since again, that is what it shows. The old ‘Category’ names were a holdover from Log Factor 5.</p>
        <p>There is now a list of connections which allows them to be started, paused, and stopped independently.</p>
        <p>Messages are now displayed using a custom ‘Message Details Panel’ component instead of just displaying a text dump.</p>
        <h2>Future Plans</h2>
        <p>The details panel will be enhanced to display more data types (e.g. serialized Java objects), also more user friendly display of type information will be added.</p>
        <p>The republishing facility will be improved by allowing messages to be edited and then stored back to the ledger before being published.</p>
        <p>The record types facility will be enhanced to allow user defined record types, these will be applied to records dynamically to reduce storage requirements and memory overhead at run time.</p>
        <p>File based, and possibly database based, storage of messages in the ledger will be added. File based storage will use <a href="http://www.sleepycat.com/products/bdbje.html">Berkely <acronym>DB</acronym></a> to allow large ledgers to be used.</p>
        <p>Real-time charting of arbitrary message data, initially this may be hard-coded to just allow charting of host status information (i.e. performance and error metrics) but I later plan to allow charting any information which can be extracted from a message.</p>
        <p>There is also ongoing work to clean-up and refactoring the code base with a view to having a public <acronym>API</acronym> as part of the 2.0 release (this will allow scripting, probably via <a href="http://www.jython.org">Jython</a>).</p>
        <p>Move to using Java 1.5 instead of 1.4 to allow use of generics and the concurrency framework. I haven't decided for certain whether this is a good idea, as not all platforms have good support for Java 1.5 yet.</p>
        <h2>Acknowledgements</h2>
        <p>RvSnoop has been written by <a href="mailto:lundberg@home.se">Örjan Lundberg</a> and <a href="mailto:ianp@ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>, and is currently maintained by Ian. The original code was based on <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/logging-log4j/LogFactor5">Log Factor 5</a> (although no <acronym>LF5</acronym> code now remains) which was originally written by ThoughtWorks and later donated to the Apache Software Foundation.</p>
        <p><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> and Rendezvous are registered trademarks of <a href="http://www.tibco.com"><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Software Inc.</a></p>
        <p>RvSnoop uses the following open source projects: <a href="http://www.publicobject.com/glazedlists/">Glazed Lists</a>, <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/lang/">Jakarta Commons Lang</a>, <a href="http://jakarta.apache.org/commons/io/">Jakarta Commons I/O</a>, <a href="http://www.jgoodies.com">JGoodies Binding &amp; Forms</a>, <a href="http://www.jgoodies.com">JGoodies Looks</a>, <a href="http://xmlenc.sourceforge.net/">XMLenc</a>, and <a href="http://www.xom.nu/">XOM</a>.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="footer">
        <p>Copyright © 2005-@year@ <a href="http://ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>. <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer" title="Validate HTML">HTML</a> | <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/check/referer" title="Validate CSS">CSS</a></p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google-analytics.com/urchin.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">_uacct = "UA-266232-2"; urchinTracker();</script>
  </body>
</html>
