<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-uk" />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2002-@year@ Apache Software Foundation." />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2005-@year@ Ian Phillips." />
    <meta name="Author" content="Örjan Lundberg" />
    <meta name="Author" content="Ian Phillips" />
    <meta name="ID" content="$Id$" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">@import "style.css";</style>
    <title>rvSnoop @version@ User’s Guide</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page">
      <div class="header"><h1>User’s Guide</h1></div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <ul>
          <li id="current">Home</li>
          <li><a href="features@suffix@">Features</a></li>
          <li><a href="faq@suffix@"><acronym>FAQ</acronym></a></li>
          <li><a href="links@suffix@">Links</a></li>
          <li><a href="changes@suffix@">Change Log</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/rvsn00p">Project Page</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@-bin.tgz?download">Binary Download</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@-src.tgz?download">Source Download</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <p>Welcome to the User’s Guide for rvSnoop @version@!</p>
        <p>rvSnoop is a graphical application that provides developers and operations support personnel with a sophisticated and feature-rich interface for tracing <a href="http://www.tibco.com/software/enterprise_backbone/rendezvous.jsp"><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Rendezvous™</a> messages. If you are reading an off-line copy of this document it may be out of date. The rvSnoop <a href="http://rvsn00p.sf.net">SourceForge site</a> always holds the latest copy of this documentation.</p>
        <p>rvSnoop allows you to filter out subjects that you are not interested in making it easier to spot important information and messages. Reduce the time required to locate specific messages by using customizable highlight colours.</p>
        <p>rvSnoop is cross platform and will run anywhere there is a suitable virtual machine. rvSnoop requires <a href="http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.4.2">Java 1.4.2</a> or later.</p>
        <h2>Stay Informed</h2>
        <p>You can subscribe to the SourceForge <a href="http://www.sf.net/project/filemodule_monitor.php?filemodule_id=60335">file monitor</a> to receive notification of new releases.</p>
        <h2>Acknowledgements</h2>
        <p>This product includes software developed by the <a href="http://www.apache.org/">Apache Software Foundation</a>. Specifically, rvSnoop is based on <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/logging-log4j/LogFactor5">Log Factor 5</a> which was originally developed by ThoughtWorks and later donated to the Log4J project at apache.</p>
        <p><acronym>TIB</acronym>, <acronym>TIBCO</acronym>, <acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Rendezvous, Active Enterprise, and The Information Bus are all registered trademarks of <a href="http://www.tibco.com"><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Software Inc.</a> All brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.</p>
      </div>
      <div class="footer">
        <p>Copyright © 2002-@year@ <a href="http://www.apache.org">Apache Software Foundation</a>. Copyright © 2005-@year@ <a href="http://ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>.</p>
        <p>Project support and file distribution provided by <a href="http://sourceforge.net">SourceForge</a>.</p>
        <p>This site is <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer">valid <acronym>XHTML</acronym></a> and is best viewed with a modern browser such as <a href="http://mozilla.com/firefox">FireFox</a>.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
