<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-uk"/>
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2002-@year@ Apache Software Foundation." />
    <meta name="Copyright" content="Copyright © 2005 Ian Phillips." />
    <meta name="Author" content="Örjan Lundberg" />
    <meta name="Author" content="Ian Phillips" />
    <meta name="ID" content="$Id$" />
    <style type="text/css" media="all">@import "style.css";</style>
    <title>rvSnoop @version@ Release Notes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="page">
      <div class="header"><h1>Release Notes</h1></div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <ul>
          <li><a href="index@suffix@">Home</a></li>
          <li><a href="features@suffix@">Features</a></li>
          <li><a href="faq@suffix@"><acronym>FAQ</acronym></a></li>
          <li><a href="links@suffix@">Links</a></li>
          <li><a href="changes@suffix@">Change Log</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/rvsn00p">Project Page</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@-bin.tgz?download">Binary Download</a></li>
          <li><a href="http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/rvsn00p/rvsnoop-@version@-src.tgz?download">Source Download</a></li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2>Quick Start</h2>
        <p>You can get started by running the scripts in the <em>bin</em> directory, there is one for Windows and one for Unix.</p>
        <p>More detailed information can be found in the <a href="index@suffix@">local help files</a>.</p>
        <h2>Summary of Changes</h2>
        <p>Some general changes in terminology have taken place in the documentation. The tree view on the left of the window is now known as the ‘Subject Explorer’ since that is what it actually shows, and the main table view is the ‘Message Ledger’ since again, that is what it shows. The old ‘Category’ names were a holdover from Log Factor 5.</p>
        <p>There is now a list of connections which allows them to be started, paused, and stopped independently.</p>
        <p>Messages are now displayed using a custom ‘Message Details Panel’ component instead of just displaying a text dump.</p>
        <h2>Future Plans</h2>
        <p>Can anybody think of something more usefult than ‘Number of Fields’ to display in the message details panel header? If so, <a href="mailto:ianp@ianp.org">drop me a mail</a>.</p>
        <p>Please suggest further enhancements via the <a href="http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=63447">SourceForge tracker</a>.</p>
        <p>This version contained a lot of changes so the next release will be smaller, plans include enhancements to the details panel to display more data types (e.g. serialized Java objects).</p>
        <p>There is also ongoing work to clean-up and refactoring the code base with a view to having a public <acronym>API</acronym> as part of the 2.0 release (this will allow scripting).</p>
        <h2>Acknowledgements</h2>
        <p>rvSnoop has been written by <a href="mailto:lundberg@home.se">Örjan Lundberg</a> and <a href="mailto:ianp@ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>, it is based on <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/logging-log4j/LogFactor5">Log Factor 5</a> (although almost no <acronym>LF5</acronym> code now remains) which was originally written by ThoughtWorks and later donated to the Apache Software Foundation.</p>
        <p><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> and <acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Rendezvous are registered trademarks of <a href="http://www.tibco.com"><acronym>TIBCO</acronym> Software Inc.</a></p>
      </div>
      <div class="footer">
        <p>Copyright © 2002-@year@ <a href="http://www.apache.org">Apache Software Foundation</a>. Copyright © 2005-@year@ <a href="http://ianp.org">Ian Phillips</a>.</p>
        <p>Project support and file distribution provided by <a href="http://sourceforge.net">SourceForge</a>.</p>
        <p>This site is <a href="http://validator.w3.org/check/referer">valid <acronym>XHTML</acronym></a> and is best viewed with a modern browser such as <a href="http://mozilla.com/firefox">FireFox</a>.</p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
